Good morning everyone and
welcome to Great Day Houston.
With Mother's Day coming up,
I was reminded of one of my mom's favorite
activities at her retirement center.
Those people were competitive.
My mom would not take her eye
off the game for a second.
We're talking about bingo fact.
She took her eye off only when my
son came in for a hug and a kiss,
and even then she barely acknowledged him.
Love ya, but gotta get
back to blocking honey.
My mom won a lot of prizes,
mostly tissue packs.
I don't know why that was a popular prize.
Well, that game of bingo is going,
going gone.
It's now a high tech high energy game
with high level prizes joining us with,
not your grandma's bingo,
unless she wants to come to is the
high tech Texan, Michael Garfield.
He's here to explain what all the
excitement is over Triple Crown bingo.
Good morning. It's not your grandma was being
no what cute picture of Duncan
and your motherhood. She was that.
Did he win money a few years ago?
No, there was tissue packs.
They want tissue packs right here.
We go B. All right?
We're gonna play 8 KB.
Oh wait, let me shake my brother.
We got this is this is old school and
this is the this is the way it's playing.
Remember these things?
There's a paper and you have to
really hunt and pack and search,
which could take some time.
And then there's other sheets and this
is one of the as funny as is Deb.
This is one of the issues because they
call out the number so fast right?
You started getting flipping the papers,
but the excitement of yelling
like what was that again?
Yeah, but when you yell bingo
and you're just, I mean, it's just it's
an election like that. No one ever feels
yeah, but that's what's
cool about this.
Like you said, high level energy,
good family entertainment.
In fact, kids as young as seven can
play and this just another extra
component is that when you play,
you help to support charities.
It is, that's the way the
state of Texas actually has written
laws for bingo halls because a
lot of it does go to charity.
But specifically we're talking
about Triple Crown bingo.
It's it's three different locations
across the city of Houston and
you and I first time I walked in,
and they're a partner of mine.
I walked in and it was like a casino.
And I love
the casino daily Smokey Bingo hall exactly.
Yeah, and I like sometimes I have to drive
to Louisiana if I wanna win some money.
Now I do not have to drive to Louisiana.
What type of money are we talking about?
We're talking every night they
give away $5000 in cold hard cash
and that's a minimum of $5000.
Each of these games.
And there's other ways to play.
But you walk in and there's video screens.
There's snack bars.
You have your beer.
You have one.
But it's family entertainment.
It's just a blast.
Yeah, yeah, all right.
OK, so you have the the
cash prizes that we took.
She won right there?
Talk about the cash.
And also other prizes they
give like purses and watches
and things like that. I love
the themes like mother's coming up,
Happy Mother's Day by the way,
early this week they're having a bit
one of their biggest days of the year.
They're giving away purses.
They're giving away.
Watches are giving away
belt along with cash too.
Father Day comes up and
they give away grills.
They have theme nights so
there's 80 theme nights,
70s, theme nights.
They put black light bingo and so it's it's
a very interactive way to actually have fun.
But it's for families,
two kids,
seven and above, 7 and
above can actually play the whole
get in and trying to win a kid
coming up full of seven year old kid
winning. It makes they'll
remember this for their lives.
Yeah, they really, really can.
As long as that adult plays.
The kids can play alright.
All the habits die hard,
they don't wanna
hang on to their their paper
sheets right here, yeah,
but explain to us what we're using
instead in in terms of high tech.
Since you're the high tech,
this is the neat thing.
The Triple Crown Bingo does instead
of well along with you can still
do it the OG the old fashioned way
with the with these paper jobbers.
But now they have computer tablets
that I'm going to hold up here, right?
This is an example of 1 and you
can rent these on a nightly basis
and you touch them and what it is,
it's all wireless.
As they call as my buddy Chris Collins up,
there is calling some of these numbers.
This automatically plays for you.
You do not need to search that bingo
alt sixty 7080 your bingo cards you're
playing this does it automatically.
So now you can kick back.
You can have a little cocktail.
You can have a snack and you
can watch these things.
DOB these things out and it
starts counting down 3 numbers
that go 2 numbers that go.
And sure enough if it starts flashing
red and it says bingo you do have
to yell bingo and you just showed
them this thing and it's funny so
it's really hands off but all you
need to do is kick back and watch
it. Yeah the game itself is entertaining,
that's the cool part but you get so much.
Extra because they also have theme nights.
Yeah, theme nights it I went
when I host on such an 80s dude.
You know that like that so they had 80s
and they have a black light theme too.
Halloween does something but it's very
very inviting and one of the funny
things you talk about these computers.
You know you can run as many as you want.
I walked in in some person I know.
Can you probably have 30 different
computers all lined up and so
there's chances like because you
can load 66 different cards on each
of these machines play 66 times.
But the neat thing is you just kick back.
You don't need to take these
old fashioned paper dollars.
Yeah, and so now you can do.
You can also get loyalty points you
could get you a lot of loyalty points.
The more you go,
and it's it's a family atmosphere
and you start knowing and realizing
people over there.
There are people who play every
single night there's.
I think I forget her name.
Such a sweet lady.
She's like the Queen of Bingo.
She's on Instagram too.
She's like the the matriarchy.
But you come in she welcomes you.
It's very simple to play and and
again it's casino like atmosphere.
Even though there's no gambling
in Texas over there.
This is a way around it.
But I like walking away with
you. Bring up a good point too.
So there's so many other things you
get is just again just the atmosphere,
whether you play or not.
The atmosphere is fun.
Right, but also it's social is
getting people out and so somebody
can go by themselves if they want to,
but feel like they're in a
community doing something fun.
But then you also have like girls night
out you've had seen like you know,
wedding showers like let's go play bingo.
Let's go win some money guys
night out whatever.
Well
the past obviously since COVID
everything really slowed down they
were all making up and everything.
And if you still feel like wearing
a mask without a doubt but it's
they they wipe it's very sanitized
over there but it's social now
that people are getting out and you
want to have some fun now and you
want to be able to win some money.
Which is which is really.
And so they they're very inviting.
They want to come in.
It's the minimum of $20 to play over here.
But here's the neat thing.
Just because they love me and you.
And great day, Houston,
if you do go into one of the bingo
halls and you want to use one of these,
you just use my last name,
say Garfield or something Garfield
radio do with the big hair.
1 penny.
You can rent these for one penny
per night for each of these
computer tablets and just to
give an experience for a penny,
you could walk out with them.
You were really good
purse Michael,
thank you bingo to win some cash.
Triple Crown Bingo has
three locations Jones.
Road near 290, Cypress on 290 and
humble on 59 to check out the new
way to play bingo visit triple
crownbingo.com for more details.
Yellow and more time bingo.
Alright there we go.